fix: Update Dockerfile (#2962)
ansys/pyfluent: doc/source/user_guide/make_container.rst

.. _ref_make_container:

> Create your Fluent Docker container

Reviewer: 1. This heading will be rendered with the same font size as _Requirements_ etc. 
Is that intentional? Aren't those subsections?
2. I don't think that headings should contain the word _your_.
3. The guidance is for creating a container _image_.

Author: Done. Thank you.

===================================

.. warning:: You need a valid Ansys license and an Ansys account to
   follow the steps in this section.

> The following procure for creating a Fluent Docker container uses a local

Reviewer: 1. _procure_ should read _procedure_
2. container _image_

Author: Done. Thank you.

> Ubuntu machine to copy the needed files from the Fluent

Reviewer: It doesn't have to use a real Ubuntu machine, right? Is it worth mentioning that?

Author: Done. Thank you.

> Requirements

Reviewer: _Prerequisites_ is a more appropriate term because it means what's required beforehand or necessary as preparation for something else.

Author: Done. Thank you.

============

> * A Linux machine, preferably with Ubuntu 18.04 or later.

Reviewer: _preferably_ is a loose term when listing requirements/prereqisites. What are the consequences of choosing a different version? Are there any hard limits? If we aren't aware of the limits then we can explicitly recommend Ubuntu 18.04 and say that we have only validated the procedure for Ubuntu 18.04 and we have not validated the procedure for any other distributions .

Author: We just need to copy files. Any Linux version is suitable. Done. Thank you.

>   CentOS Linux distribution is not supported anymore.

Reviewer: There will be no need to mention any other specific distributions when we have already specified exactly what is supported. We can remove this statement.

Author: Done. Thank you.

  This machine needs to have `Docker <https://www.docker.com>`_ installed.

* A valid Ansys account. Your Ansys reseller should have

>   provide you with one.

Reviewer: _provided_

Author: Done. Thank you.

* The following provided files:
  
  * `Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/Dockerfile>`_
  * `copy_docker_files.py <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/copy_docker_files.py>`_

Procedure
=========

> 

Reviewer: Is installing Ansys part of the procedure? Later we mention using version 24R1 specifically but there is no mention of installing that version of the software. There should be some leeway, given that we have containerized earlier versions of Fluent. N.b. Ansys customers do not necessarily use every single version. It's common to skip versions. Do we need to provide any caveats to cover early versions?

Author: Yes, this is very important point. We will provide caveats to cover early versions.

Author: We have removed v241 as it was specific to 24R1.

Author: We have checked txt files for all previous versions and all files/folders (to be included or excluded) are same only version is updated from v231 -> v232 -> v241 -> v242 -> v251.

Author: @seanpearsonuk We have updated the `Procedure` section. Could please review it again. Thank you.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can remove the `v241/` from the file paths, if the rest is identical. Can the copy script take path upto vNNN directory (e.g. C:\Program Files\ANSYS Inc\v251 in windows)?

Author: We have restructured the `docker` folder.

> If you have cloned `PyFluent <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent>`_ locally then change current working directory to

Reviewer: change _the) current working directory

Author: Done. Thank you.

`Docker files <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent>`_ before executing these commands

> otherwise copy these files in an empty folder and execute these commands from that folder.

Reviewer: _into_ an empty folder

Author: Done. Thank you.

Specify the Ansys installation directory
----------------------------------------

Specify the pre-installed Ansys directory as a command line argument.

.. code:: python

>     python copy_docker_files.py <path to 'ansys_inc' directory>

Reviewer: This is running the script as in the next step. What did you intend to write here?

Author: Merged 1st step into 2nd. Done. Thank you.

Copy needed files
-----------------

Run this script to copy needed files from the Ansys installation directory

> to the container.

Reviewer: There are a few lines like this where it ends with a full stop but a colon in really preferred.

Author: Done. Thank you.

.. code:: python

    python copy_docker_files.py <path to 'ansys_inc' directory>

Not all the installation files are copied. These files indicate the files that are
ignored during the copying:

  * `excludeCEIList.txt <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/excludeCEIList.txt>`_

>   * `excludeFluentList.txt <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/excludeFluentList.txt>`_

Reviewer: We could add some more information here:
1. We have excluded these files because we have determined that they are not needed to run typical Fluent workflows.
2. If you find that some of the excluded files are need to run your workflows then you can remove those files from the exclusion list and repeat the build process to create a new image.

Author: Done. Thank you.

Build Docker image
------------------

Execute this command to build the Docker image.

.. code:: console

    sudo docker build -t ansys_inc:v241 .

> The Docker container configuration needed to build the container is described in the

Reviewer: build the container _image_

Author: Done. Thank you.

`Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/Dockerfile>`_.

Run Docker container using the command line
-------------------------------------------

> When you execute the command for running the Docker container in either solver or meshing mode,

Reviewer: _in either solver or meshing mode_ is out of place here: there's no need to complicate the simple message. The user can assume that it applies to both modes.

Author: Done. Thank you.

> you must specify the Ansys license file.

Reviewer: You mentioned the licensing prerequisite at the build stage. Would that be a blocking issue? What's the actual prerequisite?

Author: Added in prerequisite. Done. Thank you.

.. _ref_make_container:

Create your Fluent Docker container
===================================

.. warning:: You need a valid Ansys license and an Ansys account to

>    follow the steps detailed in this section.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   follow the steps in this section.
```

Author: Done. Thank you.

> You can create your Fluent Docker container by following the steps given on this page.
> This guide will use a local Ubuntu machine to copy the needed files from the Fluent 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following procure for creating a Fluent Docker container uses a local Ubuntu machine to copy the needed files from the Fluent 
```
The original text was a bit redundant with the warning.

Author: Done. Thank you.

installation directory to the container.

Requirements
============

* A Linux machine, preferably with Ubuntu 18.04 or later.
  CentOS Linux distribution is not supported anymore.
  This machine needs to have `Docker <https://www.docker.com>`_ installed.

* A valid Ansys account. Your Ansys reseller should have
  provide you with one.

* The following provided files:
  
  * `Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/Dockerfile>`_
  * `copy_docker_files.py <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/copy_docker_files.py>`_

Procedure
=========

Specify the Ansys installation directory
----------------------------------------

Specify the pre-installed Ansys directory in the following function of 
`copy_docker_files.py <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/copy_docker_files.py>`_. 

.. code:: python

>     copy_files(src="<path to ``ansys_inc`` directory>")

Reviewer 2: We could pick up the installation path from AWP_ROOT variable.

Maybe we can ask users to set an environment variable pointing to the intended version string (e.g. `export ANSYS_VERSION=25.1`) and propagate that variable to Dockerfile and documentation. This will keep the code/doc agnostic to the Ansys version.

Reviewer 2: Actually, better to provide the installation path as command-line argument of the `copy_docker_files.py` script. That way, user won't need to modify the script.

Author: Done. Thank you.

Copy needed files
-----------------

> Change local directory where `copy_docker_files.py <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/copy_docker_files.py>`_ 

Reviewer 3: This would be easier to understand if written in two steps:

1. Change to the local directory where the `copy_docker_files.py <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/copy_docker_files.py>`_ is located.
2. Run the following script to ....

Author: Done. Thank you.

is located and run this script to copy needed files from the Ansys installation directory 
to the container.

.. code:: python

    python copy_docker_files.py

> Not all the installation files are copied, the files ignored during the copying are 
> detailed in the following files.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Not all the installation files are copied. These files indicate the files that are ignored during the copying:
```

Author: Done. Thank you.

  * `excludeCEIList.txt <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/excludeCEIList.txt>`_
  * `excludeFluentList.txt <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/excludeFluentList.txt>`_

Build Docker image
------------------

> Execute the following command where `Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/Dockerfile>`_ is 

Reviewer 2: If we are not expecting users to clone the repo for building the image, we can more clearly say:
\- Download these files in an empty folder.
\- Execute these commands from the above folder.

Author: Done. Thank you.

located to build ``ansys_inc`` Docker image in the current directory.

.. code:: console

>     sudo docker build -t ansys_inc .

Author: Done. Thank you.

>     sudo docker build -t ansys_inc .

Author: ```suggestion
    sudo docker build -t ansys_inc_251 .
```

>     sudo docker build -t ansys_inc .

Author: ```suggestion
    sudo docker build -t ansys_inc:v251 .
```

>     sudo docker build -t ansys_inc .

Author: Done. Thank you.

> The Docker container configuration needed to build the container is detailed in the
> `Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/Dockerfile>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Docker container configuration needed to build the container is described in the
`Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent/blob/main/docker/fluent/Dockerfile>`_.
```

Author: Done. Thank you.

Run Docker container using the command line
-------------------------------------------

> Please note, that you will have to specify the Ansys license file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you execute the following command for running the Docker container in solver mode, you must specify the Ansys license file.
```

Author: Done. Thank you.

> Execute the following command to run the Docker container in solver mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> Execute the following command to run the Docker container in solver mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Execute this command to run the Docker container in solver mode:
```

Author: Done. Thank you.

.. code:: console

>     sudo docker run -it --name ansys-inc -e ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE=<license>.ansys.com ansys_inc:v251 3ddp -gu

Reviewer 2: `.ansys.com` will be different for customers - remove that part.

ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE=<license file or server>

(Although I don't know how the file works here - we generally import the file in the license manager application. In that case, we can say: ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE=1055@<license server>. The port will be fixed, I think.)

Author: Done. Thank you.

> Execute the following command to run the Docker container in meshing mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Execute this command to run the Docker container in meshing mode:
```

Author: Done. Thank you.

.. code:: console

    sudo docker run -it --name ansys-inc -e ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE=<license>.ansys.com ansys_inc:v251 3ddp -gu -meshing

Run Docker container using PyFluent
-----------------------------------

Install `PyFluent <https://github.com/ansys/pyfluent>`_ and execute the following code
to run the Docker container using PyFluent.

.. code:: python

    import os
    import ansys.fluent.core as pyfluent
    os.environ["ANSYSLMD_LICENSE_FILE"] = "<license>.ansys.com"
    custom_config = {'fluent_image': 'ansys_inc:v251', 'host_mount_path': f"{os.getcwd()}", 'auto_remove': False}
    solver = pyfluent.launch_fluent(container_dict=custom_config)

Summary
=======

* **Step 1:** Specify Ansys installation directory.

* **Step 2:** Copy needed files.

* **Step 3:** Build Docker image.

> * **Step 4:** Run the Docker container using the command line or run the Docker container using PyFluent.

Reviewer 3: In procedural information, you tell the user what to do in steps a-z. No summary is needed. By the time readers get to the end of the procedure, they've done all this.

Author: Removed. Thank you.
